Docs 2146 business events v4.2 (#893)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/business-events-custom.adoc

> include::_attributes.adoc[]

Reviewer: Because this topic has only one subtopic, and you really should have at least two before breaking up a container topic, consider retitling this whole thing to Configure Custom Business Events.

endif::[]

> You can use the Custom Business Event component (`tracking:custom-event` element in the XML view) to add metadata and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to your flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Custom Business Event component (`tracking:custom-event` element in the XML view) to add metadata and key performance indicators (KPIs) to your flow. Configure the component as follows:
```

> == Configure Custom Business Events

Reviewer: OMIT, per above edit.

> . Open the *Mule Palette* in *Studio*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *Mule Palette* tab in Anypoint Studio.
```

> . Drag the *Custom Business Event* component to any point of your flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Drag *Custom Business Event* to any point of your flow.
```

> . Open the component properties view and specify values for *Display Name* and *Event Name*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Open the component properties view and specify values for *Display Name* and *Event Name*:
```

+
image::mruntime-custom-business-event.png[custom-business-event]

You can also configure Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to capture information from the message payload:

* In the UI:
. Click the plus button (image:green-plus-icon.png[2%,2%]) inside *Key Performance Indicators*.

> . Configure *Name* and *Expression / Value* for the KPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure *Name* and *Expression / Value*:
```

+
image::mruntime-business-events-kpi.png[business-events-kpi]

* In the XML:
. Add a child `tracking:meta-data` element to the `tracking:custom-event`.

> . Configure the `key` and `value` attributes inside `tracking:meta-data`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the `key` and `value` attributes inside `tracking:meta-data`:
```

+

> For example:

Reviewer: OMIT; replaced by colon ending previous sentence.

+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<tracking:custom-event doc:name="Custom Business Event" event-name="New order">
			<tracking:meta-data key="order-id" value="#[payload.order.header.orderID]" />
</tracking:custom-event>
----

> Use a Name that is easy to search in the interface of Runtime Manager, and use a representative Value, which can be any Mule expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For your KPIs, use names that are easy to search for in the Anypoint Runtime Manager interface, and use a representative value, which can be any Mule expression:
```

> Examples of KPIs:

Reviewer: OMIT In favor of previous sentence.
